====
TODO
====

Kind of stuck right now on the pump protocol.  I can
exchange messages with the stick, but I cannot
successfully execute the radio commands.

Also stuck on OL integration.  OpenLayers is very
granular, but the authors made the assumption that LonLat
are measured in degrees and that X and Y should be scaled
equivalently.  I monkey patched OL so that X and Y are
scaled in dependently in arbitrary units.  While markers
show up in the right place and OL provides a nice pan/zoom
container for charts, not all of OL's features are
working.  They have a very nice Vector concept that allows
placing arbitrary content in a layer.  While I patched the
SVG layer, the text function does not work, and I'm not
convinced I've mastered the basics yet.

In the stock version, OL shows some markers (red dots) and
some text in a custom SVG layer.  Some of the markers have
a transformation applied directly to the LonLat of the
point as it's added to the map to help visualize what the
"map" looks like with rescaled LonLats.

In my version (glucose) I've patched Map's, Layer's, and
SVG's calls to getResolution to independently calculate X
and Y.  The SVG markers show up in the right spots, but
the other svg elements aren't working yet.

Projects
========

EC2
---

  * bewest-lighttpd-config
    Need to get a webserver on 80 to proxy to the fastcgi
    or application server as needed.

  * install matplotlib 
  * install lilypond
  * bzr / git / mercurial
    * somehow need to sync my user's home dir and creds.
      * creds done through launchpad / package
      * home dir?

  * advertise availability:
    * ping back to register dns?


  * bewest/euclidean-ui
  * bewest/euclidean-ui-config

  * bewest/diabetes: developing tools to manage
    diabetes. currently mock of eucliui lives here.

    * move src/mock to git/bewest/eucliu or similar.

  * bewest/insulauditor: web-app to manage

  * bewest/insulaudit: multi-language library with test
    suites, documentation, and tools to audit diabetes
    therapy.

  * bewest/carelink - Copy of analysis.

  * bewest/carelink-python -
    Contains outlines for what should be insulaudit.

    * move code to insulaudit
    * PUMP SUPPORT
      * graph byte sequences using gnuplot
      * write log replayer
      * more docs
      * more captures?
    * API:
      * graphing
      * pump
      * clean up input/output formats
        * indivo
    * give params to simply.py
      * refactor simple.py?
        * handlers
        * server
        * config
        * log
        * run

  * bewest/insulauditor: application of insulaudit,
    eucliui.  Blocked on euclidean-ol or similar.

?????
-----

The OL modifications need serverside support.  Would help
to package as independent library.  Name might be
euclidean-ui??? eucliui?

It's based on Raskin's concept of pan/zoom interfaces
focusing on panning and zooming to help trigger our
navigating instincts.


Misc
----

Configure vim for it's all text:
  * gmail
    tw=58
    ai
  * tudiabetes?
  * google docs/sites?
  * wiki's

Meraki:
  * .comm* ?

More project ideas
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
  * lb-fastcgi ? would be nice to have a fastcgi to manage
    lighttpd's entire backend pool.  Combined with a
    monitoring solution a hypothetical UI would allow you
    to configure and monitor the backends of a webserver.
  * hello-music: A suite of primers on music.

    * hello-rhythm
      * measuring time
        * counting
        * rests vs sounding
      * generating pulses
        * subdividing
      * introducing notation
      * finding beats

    * music-exposition: A set of tools, maybe an
      application, to create / view a presentation of
      music.  The presentation should enable scrolling
      across a representation of music as the music plays,
      and should allow compiling multimedia from a variety
      of sources.  Uses sphinx/cherrypy/eucliui.




#####
# EOF
